Add features in subscription table (#3167)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/manage-subscription/cloud-flex-accounts.md

## Cloud Flex - Account Types

* **Free** accounts give you access to core Sumo Logic features, with a daily 500 MB data volume limit. Free accounts allow three users, with 4 GB of retention. For information about Free account features, see the "Free Accounts" column in the following table and the Important notes section on [Sumo Logic Free accounts](#important-notes-on-sumo-logic-free-accounts).
:::tip

> Free account holders can [upgrade](upgrade-cloud-flex-account.md) to Professional from within Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Free account holders can [upgrade](upgrade-cloud-flex-account.md) to a Professional account from within Sumo Logic.
```

:::

* **Trial** accounts allow you to try all of Sumo Logic's advanced features to understand how Sumo Logic will fit within your organization before you buy. It includes a daily data volume limit of 1 GB per day, with 20 users and 30 days of data retention. For information about Trial account features, see the "Trial Accounts" column in the table below and [Important notes on Sumo Logic Trial accounts](#important-notes-on-sumo-logic-free-accounts).  
:::note

> Trials are limited to 30 days. If you require an extended trial period, contact [sales@sumologic.com](mailto:sales@sumologic.com) to inquire about a Proof of Concept (PoC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trials are limited to 30 days. If you need to extend your trial period, contact [sales@sumologic.com](mailto:sales@sumologic.com) to inquire about a Proof of Concept (PoC).
```

1. Log in to your Sumo Logic Cloud Flex account.
1. In the left navigation bar of the UI, select **Administration** > **Account**. The Account Overview tab of the Account page is shown by default.
:::note

> You must have a role that grants you the Account Overview capability to view the Account Overview tab.

Reviewer: I'd maybe link to the /manage capabilities doc where it explains them

Author: Done.

To switch between views and time interval displays, do the following:

> 1. Log in to Sumo Logic and select **Administration** > **Account** in the left navigation pane. The Account page appears with the Account Overview tab shown by default. The top panel shows account details and the bottom panel displays usage analytics. <br/>![CloudFlex-AccountPage.png](/img/subscriptions/pqs.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Sumo Logic. From the left navigation pane, select **Administration** > **Account**. The Account page appears with the Account Overview tab shown by default. The top panel shows account details and the bottom panel displays usage analytics. <br/>![CloudFlex-AccountPage.png](/img/subscriptions/pqs.png)
```
